"Huffman Coding"ENCODINGExplanation:In order to encode the input data (string):1. I first build and sort a list of tuples from lowest to highest frequencies, we do this by creating a dictionaryusing the Counter subclass from collections and used it to create a list of tuples with the tow values being the keyand value(frequency)from the dictionary, and returned a sorted list by frequencies using the method sorted() with thelambda expression.2. Build the Huffman Tree using two queues. The fist queue will only contain the leaf nodes (the nodes having only onecharacter), the nodes will be pushed to the queue from lowest to highest frequencies assuring the node with the lowestfrequency is always at the front of the queue. The second queue will contain the inner nodes, which are createdby getting the two lowest frequencies of the nodes either from the first or the second queue, concatenating theirletters, adding their frequencies and setting the selected nodes as children, the new inner node is later pushed tothe second queue assuring the frequencies remains sorted in the queue from lowest(front) to highest(back).3. Trim the Huffman Tree by traversing the tree with the DFS algorithm and setting the node's value with its prefixvalue only, therefore removing the frequency value from memory.4. To assign the binary code to each letter I do a full tree traversal using DFS, keeping the path in binary code(0 for left and 1 for right), once a leaf is reached I store the letter as key and the current binary code as value ina dictionary.5. And finally create the binary code corresponding to the input string base on each character of the string and itscorresponding binary code from the mapping dictionary.Complexity:In order to analyze the time complexity of Encoding is necessary to analyze each of the steps separately. To build thelist of tuples we first create a dictionary using Counter that is constructed by iterating over the input string, thattakes linear time or O(n) where n is the length of the input string. Create the list of tuples from the dictionary takesO(T) where T is the length of the input string alphabet, I'm going to assume that the input string alphabet is the ASCIIcharacter, so T = 255 therefore complexity is O(255) which is constant time, no matter the length of the input.Sorting the list will also be constant time since we only need to sort, in the worst-case scenario, 255 elements.To build the Huffman tree we iterate over the list of tuples to create the first queue, that takes constant time as well.I decided to use two queues since it allows to keep the lowest frequency at the front of the queuesmaking the look-up process O(1). Trimming the tree and assigning the binary code takes also constant time because thenumber of nodes on the tree is bounded to the length of the alphabet meaning that the max number of nodes will be alwaysless or equal to 2T - 1.To create the binary code is O(n) since we have to iterate over the characters of the input stringFinally the time complexity of encoding is: O(n) + O(1) + O(1) + O(1) + O(n) => O(n)REQUIREDIsn't this time complexity O(nlogn)?This is not O(n log n) time complexity, It would have been if I have used a priority queue or min heap since a priorityqueue gets sorted every time an element is popped or pushed to it. But I used TWO queues what allowed me to keep thelowest frequencies always at the front of the queues without the need to have the queues sorted.The space complexity is O(1) because the number of nodes and the size of the mapping dictionary is bounded to the sizeof the alphabet which constant no matter the size of the input.DECODE:Explanation:To decode the data we traverse the Huffman tree following the path on the data (binary code), once a leaf (a single letter)is reached, we store the letter in a list and start iterating the tree from the root again continuing in data from wherewe left.Complexity:The runtime is O(n * H) where n is the length of the binary code and H is the height of the Huffman tree, H is bounded to the lengthof the alphabet as explained before therefore, H is constant so, the time complexity of decoding is O(n)In order to build the decoded string we use a list to store each character so, the space complexity is O(n).